and her opponent from Arizona one Nonna
little heart well no the little heart
your referee is Ron West I went on a
little hard moving out against Tony rose
and Rose has the advantage and
experience over a little heart I happen
to know their backgrounds and
realizing the importance of this
tournament is unleashing a very very
heavy attack and went on a little hard
little hard very adept very agile has
been taken completely taken off-guard by
Tony Rose and it is a little hard trying
to regain her feet and Tony Rose ties
her up again
and it is Tony Rose an experienced
veteran taking every advantage now
and a little hard to hurdle outside the
ring and what going up rather slowly
coming back into the ring turtle back
inside and of course a jarring that's
final column once again Tony Rose has
not ceased in her constant attack and
went on little art Tony Rose lashing out
with a fist to the midsection and it is
and went on a little hard firing back
now
move my little heart she's beginning to
gain some good second effort here
shop for tomahawk chop and that Indian
War dancing moves in on her again
well-known a little hard even the
reservations in Arizona flying dropkick
that missed as a Tony Rose moved out of
the way a knee to the side of the head
who went on a little hard Tony Rose I'm
with her hard into the fire turnbuckle a
little hard on again is and again
snapmare and see you
neckbreaker the knick wrecker that is
something you very rarely see women
wrestlers executing but that was
beautifully executed they a neckbreaker
and rousing boo for the winners
falsifier just like I will get Joyce
Grable and then hula the people of
Georgia will say its new champion Graham
here in two weeks
well there you have some very adamant
statements from Tony Rose and she was
indeed the victor